Added copy edits (#1)
angrycub/katacoda-scenarios: nomad-reverse-proxy/40_create_proxy_config_3.md

When possible, the Web UI will use a streaming HTTP request to stream logs on the
task logs page. NGINX will buffer proxy responses by default in an attempt to
free up connections to the backend server being proxied as soon as possible.

Proxy buffering causes logs events to not stream because they will be
temporarily captured within NGINX's proxy buffer until either the connection is

> closed or the proxy buffer size limit is reached and the data is finally flushed

Author: ```suggestion
closed or the proxy buffer is filled and the data is finally flushed
```
